Balancing Productivity, Leisure and Self-care

          February 18th, 2024, 12:12 pm
          

This is an entry about what was meaningful to me yesterday.

It was a slog of a day. I think my greatest feeling was that I got a lot of to-do items checked off my list. It's funny that I care so much about that. I set the list and then evaluate myself based on the list. It's all kind of made up, but it sort of becomes so real.

I checked off some items, did a lot of chores and important tasks. Is that meaningful? I don't know. I felt a sense of achievement at the end of the day.

I got to spend a little bit of time reading. That was so nice. I'm reading this book about survival. It's called Deep Survival. I'm really enjoying it. It's a really captivating book. The author promises to explain the psychology of survival, which is so fascinating. I was really enjoying that.

I did some weightlifting, which is always good. It was funny. I felt really tired. Wow, I really cannot do more than 25 minutes of this. I just let myself lie on the mat. This was good. I did five minutes of Turkish get-ups. I've spent battling this thing between really wanting to rest and really needing to get a lot of things accomplished. I gave myself some space to rest yesterday, which was nice. But always kind of bouncing back and forth.

I did some journaling yesterday, too, which was really good. I felt like I needed to get some introspection done. That felt good, but I think throughout the day, I did feel like I was really forcing myself to do everything versus just relaxing. That part is less good. It's less good that I'm feeling like I'm dragging myself through things. That's a constant battle.

I spent time supporting a friend in need, as well. I think that's meaningful, even if it's hard. Some hard things are meaningful. I appreciate that I can take brief moments of break.

Oh, I really appreciated vacuuming my floor yesterday. Truly a boring kind of life, if that is a mode of appreciation, but I do really like having a clean floor.

I'm really hoping to take more time to rest today, if I can, if I get through my list.

That's it for yesterday.