Balance of Productivity and Personal Growth

          February 15th, 2024, 6:42 pm
          

I'm going to share a few things that I think were great about today.

I really enjoyed sharing some of my ideas with my colleagues. The fact that they were excited and engaged by my ideas and they seemed to think that most of them were okay. Yeah, it was really validating, so I really appreciated that about today.

I went on a run with a dear friend of mine and every time we run together we catch up on our lives and that's really meaningful to me. That's been really great, you know, we go back and forth about dating and work and our general lives and we get to run together. So that's really good being outside exercising. I always feel better when I exercise. It's just a fact of life, so that's been really nice. Though I feel a bit sore today and I think I did a pretty hard workout yesterday too, so feeling those legs.

Feeling good about my home these days. Things are kind of together mostly, though I really need to vacuum, I would say. But you know, things are together.

I got a great haircut yesterday. Very happy about that, at long last. I mean, it's been way too long and it makes me feel like, yeah, like I'm a real put-together adult. Not a mess, not a total mess of a person to have a nice haircut, which is really nice.

I wish I had a little bit more time to rest, but there's always so much, so much work to do. It's really endless and this is a really cause of sort of discombobulation here, as I do wish I had time to rest.

But we are having a house dinner tonight, which is really wonderful and I'm planning a possible date with somebody that I'm very excited about. Can't foresee where it'll go. It may go nowhere, but that's something I'm looking forward to.

And working on something my coach has suggested I work on, which is aligning myself more closely to my feelings. I don't know what that really looks like. That's gonna be something I discover, but I think the first step is not acting out of line with my feelings, rather acting with my feelings. At least that's my strategy. I don't know if she's sort of told me how to go about this, but that's something I'll be working on and that's on my mind today.

And just trying to make room for getting enough work done. You know, in the next handful of days, there's a lot of stuff, a lot of stuff coming up and I'm really hoping to not get super overwhelmed by it. It's a real possibility. I'm also fearing not getting it done. So I don't know what I fear the most, not getting it done or being overwhelmed by not getting it done. Those are all things. So just trying to keep the calendar clear so I can maximize my focus.

It's the thing that's really important. And I think that's really it for today. May come back with more later.